Hugo Turner is an independent researcher
he blogged that anti-imperialist youth
blog spot.com it's anti - imperialist -
you like University blog spot.com he can
be found on Twitter at Hugo Turner 1969
and on Facebook and his articles can be
found on global research CA thanks for
talking today thanks great to be here
before we start we we had some sad news
today with the death of journalist
robert Parry of consortium news I know
he was a a hero of yours as a as a
journalist and researcher do you wanna
say a few words about yes sir Bob Perry
was whether only journalist look like
any integrity he thought before Gary
Webb exposed the Contra drug connection
he robbed our period expose that earlier
here the nineteen eighties and he also
worked to expose the October Surprise
which was a plot by Bush to keep
American hostages in Iran until the
Reagan inauguration and then more
recently he was with the other ones that
exposed the fascist coup in Ukraine and
who was bullied to write honestly about
what was going on it's serious he was
what the only drugs but integrity in the
early in the world like a couple so the
huge loss and also it's very he
definitely wouldn't want people to make
a conspiracy theory about his death but
he was the second person to it's like an
enemy of the CIA who's got a stroke and
we survived because only let's hear
David Talbott also has strokes that it's
very sort of suspicious but he was
really walkable a speculate yeah
definitely but yeah that was really that
was kind of a shock because he just he
had that small stroke and it sounded
like he was doing okay but then and that
was it so so that's a big loss and you
know it's important that we talk about
him because today we're gonna talk about
iran-contra but the lead him to it was
everything
recent reports a couple months back they
appeared first in the intercept but they
were in all the other major media
outlets the report was about black
waters infamous CEO Eric Prince and and
we'll throw back from the iran-contra
days Oliver North pitching the proposal
to the Trump administration or they
offered to create a new completely
privatized intelligence network to
operate outside the CIA
this would thing would be answerable
only to the head of the CIA and to
Donald Trump it would be funded by
trumps donors and so obviously all this
recalls the events of iran-contra where
the private network was set up and the
off-the-shelf enterprise was formed to
pursue this illegal foreign policy with
no accountability or oversight them and
that's we'll find out from Hugo who
study this this of course kind of
devolved into for-profit arms sales and
money laundering death squad activities
and drug running all under the watchful
eye of officials in the u.s. or were
your thoughts when you saw these reports
come out well obviously my first thought
was just like laughing that's like
they're gonna put Oliver Doris who is
like involved in drug track infamous for
being involved with drug trafficking
I'll of course both of the meeting was
much of that back and then they're gonna
put him in charge of like the never
board source of heroin in the world
Afghanistan which is only the number one
source of heroin because of the CIA
secret was there before the CIA moved in
they had a zero percent share of the
heroin trade today it has a 96 percent
share of the heroin trade and really
they just moved it there after they lost
their job it was heroin Southeast Asia
to there and as I talked about by a
contra article the players that read
contra
all had worked in these covert drug
funded wars for decades before the
iran-contra scandal broke so I think
even Oliver North was off and last but
there are even more infamous people like
of course theater Shaklee and Johnston
valve and all these characters have been
the haunting American history for the
past decades
and of course using mercenary firms is
pretty much standard CIA procedure
before I mean before the CIA it was
authorized and the OSS was closed out of
that gap William Donovan it's time to
like a privatized CIA to like keep the
OSS and things moving before between and
of course all through its history the
CIA always is these fronts and brushing
away firms like the most famous is Air
America Southern Air Transport which
will appease virtually every flying
potentially you know and there's fly
weapons in two places in flight drugs
and so this is pretty much standard
procedure dogged it's not a new
phenomenon these prioritized it tells us
an analyst have been around since like
the beginning of the Cold War and
they're like a multi-billion dollar
industry but obviously this is like
Oliver North and Erik Prince the
opportunity to get rich and Trump's
paranoid and I'm sure he'd love Dallas
his own private CIA that's answer we'll
only they handle it like what's going on
Russia gates that they're trying to get
him to give him control of the whole
will will heroin trade because uh and
trouble of course himself is famous is a
money launderer for the Mafia and he's
friends with all sorts of thoughts it's
very much like reminiscent of the Reagan
era where back then you had a b-movie
actor who elected president today we
have a reality television president and
the corruption the CIA and
accountability and just everything this
is pretty much the same as it always has
been with the drugs are flowing the
bunny people are getting rich yeah no
it's true that's what that's what's so
interesting about it I found that will
talk about Oliver North's role kind of
at the center of the scandal was he you
know what was his role in he did play I
like to usually like the cuckoo a little
but he did play you sound like a middle
manager it was john stockwell compared
it to his role and ankle like oh but
alfred north was not at the top of the
pyramid it was George Bush and Theodore
Shaklee
but Alberto did have an important role
in the 80s like some of his hats one of
the highlights of his career where you
wake up like before the iran-contra
started he was fat running around naked
ready got it
I think that was some kind of result of
his post-traumatic stress fellow the
Vietnam War he teach you a class and he
like set off this like grenade or planks
or something out of it basically he
acted like really kind of crazy and its
class and he there like shot off some
blanks in the classroom hangar than that
faker danger so big that was another
scandal is involved in but during the I
write he was actually way more important
than people but like he knew about the
stealth bomber program in the 70s like
long before people do it but in the 80s
they're pretending they're still working
got it but they already had these self
bombers and he'd do about that and
basically according to Doug Valentine
Oliver North was William Casey's band on
the National Security Council so he was
basically a CIA pawn and that but he he
became famous during the iran-contra
sale because he wanted to take the
credit and he had hoped that he would
watch his political career and he
actually was close to being elected a
senator from Virginia but this table
murder and being like super resistant
homophobic until he's create crazy jokes
for like an hour that food is camp aid
so he became a Fox News commentator but
and though he also has like apartment
security firms and stuff like that I
believe if you I'm selling bulletproof
jackets and stuff like that
during the iran-contra scandal of course
he he coordinated with the drug-dealing
Contras he personally supervised the hit
squad that killed Barry steel
he was a character in a recent movie I
haven't seen yet with like toddlers play
Barry seal
Oliver North was the guy there and
George Bush vice president at the time
was of course to what it ordered it as
Princess Barry seal and pursue every
little trouble he like yelled at Bush
said you know you better get me out of
this so I'm glad tall was coming down
with that right Cosmo yeah and he was
dead within like two weeks by it if
hands of Colombian his squad are with
like back 10 machine guns I believe and
the Oliver North also supervised this he
was appointed in charge of the Terrorism
during the Reagan administration he ran
this hit squad of like business death
squad and a Middle East that would
kidnap people kidnap people to help with
like the negotiations with the Iranians
like they would kidnap Iranians to be
like trade it was just our hostages and
it's like hostages prosthetist and also
like to it s assassination program or
whatever to kill people
our enemies in like the Lebanese civil
war like they attempted to kill the then
you know if Hezbollah but said killed
like a hundred people they were just
like in the neighborhood and like who
did like 260 people like I think they
killed 92 people and really like 2015 ad
or something like that so you know he's
definitely well these operatives but he
received fan because you know he wanted
to take credit for it he wanted to take
the blame he do that the American
there's a section very good public that
just will love any type of fascist dog
is there like open and honest and just
like yes I did it I'm not ashamed of it
I loved it and I'm proud of what I did
and you know he became a hero
basically to right-wingers after they
have ran Contra hearings and he took the
blame away from you know Shaklee Bush
and all these other people it it was
sort of like became this just Auburn
don't this rogue operation well that's
one thing that was interesting in here
was you know Erik Prince had already
revealed that he wanted to I guess he
was talking with Steve ban and but he
suggested the creation of something akin
to the the CIA's Phoenix program which
was of course an assassination program
which is of course a joke because it
ability to recreate it like it ever
stopped you that's a like it's like
that's a major part of iran-contra is
like the Phoenix program moved to
Central America as the tech Valentine
talks fathers
and you know that's just pretty much
standard not like scandal that's just
how they do things they torture people
they assassinate people they get names
they find workable a torture and the
kill that's just like how you that's how
they'd work and defeat it that's all the
pity program really is of course I mean
they would pay attention for the past 16
years of the war on terror they opened
this exciting secret anymore they make
TV show the vibes like hooray we
assassinate people we torture people I
mean the days when this was like a
secret hour-long God right right I guess
I'm the only difference being this would
be a completely private operation
without Denis yeah this would be run to
benefit Trump's like the stick mafia
backers and you know I can only imagine
where and it would just be like a huge
body laddering thing basically Eric
Prince you know got super rich because
with the Iraq war it's like why not pay
these people directly like have all
these contractors and you know they can
make still like trillions of dollars and
basically he's told all this money from
America and he wants to steal a little
more money for stuff is like you know he
ran Blackwater every time they drove
through Baghdad they just fired it
everybody that was around their idea was
that Iraqis to just get you know just
bright away whenever black waters coming
food that was their idea of security and
we got caught it at one time every time
but that was the scandal Allowance why
they had to change their name although
everyone still calls it black water
because they can't keep track of the
different names that they've adopted
since then like CD and stuff like that
then he opened this huge basin the
United Arab Emirates and I think it's it
is almost certainly like you know for
fact he's funneling mercenaries in it
like the horrible war on Yemen where
like a million people are starving and
especially like I think like half a
million children they have died already
and I believe that the pokmon is
probably involved traded al Qaeda
terrorists in the region because they're
not just in Yemen but I've heard that
but I mean he always this
versus a base in the United Arab
Emirates like all these years ago of
course they're gonna use it
of course there's like mercenaries
involved and these terrorist groups of a
mr. boots are mercenaries they get paid
they're basically like these paid
warlords
yeah and that's the UAE is one of the
big countries where all of this yeah one
of the major supporters one of the major
allies the Saudi Arabia can you talk
about one of the things I found
interesting was the fact that this would
be funded by you know some of trumps
donors and I remember one of the people
testifying in front of the iran-contra
hearings was the guy who owned Coors
Brewing Company I don't know his name is
you know obviously that Adolph Coors is
that is the company do you want to talk
about some of that private funding that
went into how did they form this private
aid network during during that era and
who were some of the people funding it
outside it drug traffickers well that's
that that's absolutely fascinating topic
because Korres is like typifies this
kind of fascist American funder of these
like far-right causes that like came
totally came to power during the Reagan
administration I mean he was like what a
great his personal advisors you know
they may have posed Mychel women there
cause they want to roll back the civil
rights thing they wanted you know he
wanted a white only workplace for his
company they opposed like you know
divorce they opposed gays and they also
support what they supported was fascism
all over the planet and so what their
major causes was to support the fascist
governments in El Salvador and Guatemala
while they were killing tens of
thousands of people and tortured and
murdered that had to support the Contras
and they were like working closely with
the CIA and these there's billionaires
some of them are very you know they're
interlocked with the CIA practically and
what the court is like a very infamous
example of this I was there's this
network is it was also part of a global
network of fascists like part of what I
the wack holes which was the world
anti-communist League which combined
these escaped Ukrainian fascists and
Girod fascists and Italian every
but all the fascists of Europe escaped
after the war the CIA put to work for
them they joined this black hole thing
in Asia there was the Taiwanese who were
like the major drug traffickers of that
time whatever that's what lost side was
with the KMT even before World War two
and then the course network was very
much part of the black hole Network and
they were like supporting was apartheid
regime in South Africa they're
supporting liveaboards social America
they're supporting the war in
Afghanistan they lobbied for the
aggressive CIA foreign policy and pretty
much it's indistinguishable from the CIA
and it was like all these people from
the CIA were working in these different
think tanks that the chorus family was
funding and it was it's similar today
with like with Soros or even every
before cores it was like the
Rockefellers they were like so literally
at the CIA and but there's like a bunch
of these people Oh Minnie are the owner
of the intercept is one of these people
he was exposed as be deeply involved in
the crash doing you crazy right and I
believe his families actually Iranian
and was it's probably like I think had
some relations this to back or something
so it's like it the story of these
fascist exiled continues and the
Interceptor is like just a part of that
not some kind of fight against the man
the thing is they betray themselves a
bit but yeah these these donors they are
the ones that like purge Congress about
all the people the head opposed the CIA
during the 70s like Church the Clark all
these people even the people that like
we're like Carlito today right after he
got rid of all those people afterwards
so it's like American politics is very
much controlled by this it's been very
influenced by this fashion network as
it's been documented in rust the last
two books The Corrs connection and old
dachsies new right old not to do right
seizing more scandalous because it's
about all the Nazi war criminals that
settled in America that became part of
the Republican Party all right talk to
took some about that's an interesting
book you want to you want to just talk a
little bit about that to kind of give
some of the background of
the people around Regan's rise well yeah
I assume that's what that oh yeah these
fashion immigrates after world war two
they've they had to flee their homes
because otherwise they'll be like put on
trial in the communist countries for
like they'll cry at the war crimes and
they to carry it out you know the
genocide the 27 million people they
burned the Soviet using and the four
million people they burn at all and the
six villages they murdered so but the
CIA of course Heyerdahl solving people
is super useful so they hired them all
and like the lucky ones got to settle in
America and instead of keeping a little
profile they were actually put in charge
of their ethnic communities and became
like these Republican fund rangers it
was called the public and heritage
ethnic outreach program so you've got
these Ukrainian fascists got these
Croatian fascists these are the people
that
and while Reagan back then was became
the bigger head for this huge bastard
see a pop again their campaign called
the crusade for freedom and who were the
people involved in that the exact same
people these fascist grace who you know
we're pretend to be like they opposed in
somebody Union because of you know they
were for freedom when they weren't
really for freedom because they were
like all fascists to you know and staged
a vile occupation but murdered tortured
all these people which is what they've
been useful to the CIA because yeah
that's what the CIA does and you've got
experienced people in penal experience
and murder torture and propaganda
they're gonna put those people to work a
lot of these people went to work for
Radio Free Europe and so even today
that's like this massive CIA propaganda
campaign they actually employed all
these people and these people also
became backers Oh any ways making bet
them through his he was the figurehead
for the conceit for freedom is their
spokesperson he's good there's a be
Hollywood actor he was involved with
these far-right California Republicans
his fascist people that later became
part of his kitchen cabinet so from the
start they had backed his career and
when Reagan was actually elected another
part of it was this fundraising of this
like fascist Network like they
bought a bottle and they got this
Guatemalan oligarchs to make all these
illegal campaign contributions to the
reagan campaign and is that they might
have Salazar there they also the same
trip this is the contractor they're like
you know get ready means coming in we're
gonna really unleash you guys Reagan's
campaign was a culmination of basically
this fascist lobby groups within the
America within America and around the
world like Michael one of the things in
here that is very interesting is the
fact that prints offers all of these he
says they're all foreign nationals so
they can be very deniable or whatever
they do whether it's the assassinations
or you know whatever they might do are
the spine oh how did they manage to keep
iran-contra secret for so long because
this was something that the congress of
course it was illegal to send weapons to
iran and it was there was a whole
amendment that I've been pushed in
Congress to say you are not supposed to
deliver any arms to the Contras so how
did how did they keep it secret for so
long
well they didn't keep it secret
basically it was just like the cut
they're like cut off all aid but note it
but observers are like well doesn't seem
like the conference have any 38 has it
dropped off that's like they want to
investigate it they didn't want to know
it's easy to keep secrets but people
don't wanna know things basically that's
what happened it was exposed because the
Nicaraguan thought that a plane over the
country I mean by repairing why they
suppose and like maybe a couple of 12
acres opportunists like Kerry saw wait
like you could be 10 that he was like a
crusader
I guess these forces that sure even that
he was working for and that's actually
probably why I was picked because he can
be trusted to cover it up and even
admitted that his role was to keep the
CIA out of his Kerry committee hearings
and just to talk about like the network
of ex CIA people that actually why she
and concentrate on all people they were
xaa because he did the CIA people are
totally about the bar and there was
totally hopefully after that so he
thought maybe at least officially X day
it could be prosecuted it's like an
organized crime group
they're dealing guns and drugs and
committing false flag terror attacks and
carrying out illegal war the Kyra said
they couldn't do right right
so yeah they didn't want to prosecute it
they come look fail too at the time they
were like everyone was there people the
critics were saying you know if you do
not kick the CIA under control this is
this kind of thing is gonna end up in a
huge bullet bath and then you know it's
like no no we don't want to do that
let's just move on just like how Obama's
like no we can't we don't want to
investigate the CIA did you got any
torture let's just move on that was
pretty much the Clinton I dude when they
came into power and then so of course
lavage what happened was 9/11 basically
and this drug dealing a drug-dealing CIA
backed Network attacked America
thousands of people died but that was
very good for the CIA because yeah
funding went through the roof it's
unladylike the power increased they're
like Warren accountable than ever right
basically all the big breaks were taken
off so to speak to talk about some of
these x-ray guys you wrote a long
article about about Theodore sharply and
there's a lot of guys in this new
proposal from Prince oh yes of course
let's address this XD anything that
they're not gonna be independent of the
CIA these people are the in the still
the CIA all right being xvi a makes the
music more CIA because they're just like
even more diable and secret assets of
this yeah exactly was still advantage
and say hey basically
but yes to know exactly is like a I
wrote an article I hand cuz they just
typify the secret history of a America
where he his first assignment was to
work with the Nazis and their recruiting
in Germany then his next assignment was
to manage the covert war on Cuba after
the Bay of Pigs thing then he was sent
to vows to build up this heroine funded
secret army the waves of secret war
there then he was sent to Vietnam to
direct the CIA base there during the
Phoenix program then he organized the
coup in Chile against IND so it's just
like this one guy
we're just exposed so much of how the
American Empire average so I wrote this
like vlog article about it it's a
fascinating character and he was like
close friends with Vice President George
Bush and became one of his speech
writers during the Bush administration
and he was like he got fired supposedly
fired during the Carter Administration
and so he he was part of that network
that got Reagan did because there's not
just these fascists but he's pissed off
CIA guys against Carter and they formed
the CIA agents are Bush but then when he
lost the primary they you know dr.
Reagan campaign and of course Reagan
also had it he had his own personal guy
cases you know former they'll be OSS you
was his campaign manager and then was
appointed director of the CIA okay so
yes so talk about Shaq Lee's role in in
iran-contra
Shaklee was very much a central figure
at iran-contra because he is the one who
gave them we played a role at giving
them the idea to do this hostage deal to
Unseld weapons Iran to do to get
hostages but especially to this Israeli
intelligence operation basically and
Michael Deaver was part of it and I mean
that not Michael Deaver um would be
Michael Dean yet like all the day and
basically Israel that's selling Iran
these buffers because their strategy was
to make that right Iraq war as bloody as
possible Plus like Iran used to be their
ally because they always reached out to
the down their peoples because they were
like scared of pan-arabism
so they like worked with the Kurds and
they work with the Shah and they'd
actually helped train those two vaak as
well so you played a role there and then
of course his all the with the drugs in
Central America he played a huge role
because it was his for more people like
Donald Gregg was the one man G for the
White House he was under Shaklee in
Vietnam Felix Rodriguez was in El
Salvador he he had served under Donald
Gregg and had sex and he don't Shaklee
since the miami days of course
said both these and they were all
friends with George HW Bush they were
close and so check it was check his
network basically that was the whole
secret team that Sheehan was trying to
cover and that Congress didn't want to
talk about at all
I thought the CIA cut is the check Lee
was an innocent victim that was falsely
accused involvement there by Contra
affair despite the fact that he'd been
you know in Miami he was working with
these cubed drug-dealing X tiles that
goes the last is why could these hair
this hair would secret army he goes to
be a dog he's working with their drug
for did come in South Vietnam you know
it just goes on and on it the shackle
event work it also organize this the
Bolivian cocaine Co that actually Google
the rise of the netting cartel in
Colombia which is Hollywood loves to
make you know Pablo Escobar seem like
he's just like this outlaw and that you
know but you wouldn't have risen the
power with that yeah and of course later
they decided to kill him because he knew
to watch it because it make Bush look
tough right same thing that happened to
Noriega basically yep another close
another member of this network so that's
what's interesting here is kind of this
whole thing that spiraled out of control
and turned into a drug running and money
laundering operation wasn't such a de
control de because it was you know it
was just always going on that's just how
our society works it's based on these
huge profits from the drugs although
they're keeping their banks from
collapsing right it's all it's all like
I mean the money laundering it's like
the Baxton Citigroup it's like all these
famous
seeing respectable banks if you go if
you look at these different scandals
they're all named in this like I spent
Biggs Bank Wells Fargo Citibank
so this goes to the top this is about
like I mean people you watch these old
movies made in the 30s it's like the
mayor's in the
mafia and they don't think that's
something that happened in the past
that's just like the reality of like
poof comes out
you looking like how the drugs actually
smuggled into Florida today it's absurd
they're legally allowed to just write
out plans without any kind of I mean
it's basically set up so that you can
own these she'll cut these airplanes
shell companies and smuggle drugs in
with impunity and like they never get
busted because that's political
connection so that's just like it's
illegal political money that funds our
current system we live in an arc we are
the biggest Darko country in the world
it's not like just Columbia it's not
just Mexico it's America as I was saying
like this drug money is what funded
Reagan it was like he was funded by the
Korean Lobby the Taiwan Lobby which were
both deeply involved in drug trafficking
for decades but the Moonies are like the
Korean example where this cult leader is
backed by the Korean CIA and the CIA and
his group is used to like by all these
they own the Washington Times and like
they were implicated in the Bolivian
cocaine coup they're backed by like
these heroin you toria's heroin
smuggling Yakuza members it's just like
it's all it's all been exposed it's just
like it just goes ah die people just
pretend it didn't happen and you could
tell us where we are today the society I
just sort of like Americans have
absolutely no idea what is going on in
the world there's complete Dre world but
I think we're the good guys it's just
like insanity yeah so I think you were
cut off before I just want to say it yet
again obvious is just an attempt by Erik
Prince and Albert North to be gifted the
entire control the entire world heroin
supply in exchange for protective doubt
right and of course this one
be a scandal they'll just continue
looking to see if like you know some
Trump campaign person talk to a Russian
I did the what I was I did a series of
interviews with that I friend it
internationalist 360 about called the
underground right and I went through
sort of like the CIA relationship with
Nazis and his relation is al-qaeda looks
like fascism and the Muslim Brotherhood
and things like that that could
quad-core and I was so really of course
an article about the course family and
old doctors in the new bright as the
last thing I wrote before taking that
break Oh put links to those things yeah
I'll put links to those things and yeah
thanks for talking I think it's uh it's
interesting to get a look at how the
same things happen oh yeah
cuz it's like yes it's not like just
like this is the system it's all point
is to like be an empire that like just
constantly looting murdering and
torturing people all over the planet
yeah that's what it is it's not it's not
being fixed cuz it's not meant to be
fixed
yes the Holika troll is just like how
things work that of course the you have
the media to give us the opposite view
of the world so that we build a sleeper
day god bless america
exactly
[Music]
this is our hidden history
you